well I had somebody asked about the
shift pattern in this thing because it's
a three on the tree
hey there's my air tank it's a three on
the tree it's a little different than
the you know modern cars so I'll just
show you the shift pattern basically you
pull it towards you and go up and that's
reverse and then you pull it towards you
all the way down that's first and you
push it up into the middle and then you
push it back and that's second which
makes the first second shift kind of
kind of tricky and then back and all the
way down is third and that's pretty much
all there is to it
you know there's a story about a whole
old hot rodders they take this and they
move it to the other side for two
different theories on that one is when
they flip it over it changes the pattern
a little bit then make someone to shift
easier but my personal favorite is they
put it over here so they've got the left
hand here they can shift and drive and
then their right hand they got around
their woman but how that is basically
three on the tree pretty simple stuff
obviously there's no markings on it to
tell you what's what but I figured I'd
also talk about some of the problems
with this car obviously if you look
around the interior is pretty much good
and pretty much trashed everything is
gone things are rusty if I step out here
I can show you the big huge well you
can't see the huge hole but there's a
big hole right in here this floor pan
which is just sitting in here so that's
all rusted away that sides the same way
there's a little bit in the back the
body itself has probably more bondo than
steel at this point even though it looks
fairly straight it's a lot a lot of
bondo rough starting all over the place
if you can see here the guy who owned it
before me this was all rusted out he put
bondo in here and covered the hole of
bondo so I guess that kind of gives you
a little
idea of the shape it's in there's rust
back here the leaf springs in the back
are shot the tires are all shot the
trunk is rusted out the quarter panels
are rusted out the Mumper back here is
all fou barred up there's a ton of bondo
on that side gas tanks for us tada and
as you can see there's holes pretty much
everywhere uh-huh so there's there's not
much left to the body
engine smokes a little bit clutch slips
suspensions all wore out in the front
you know so I think if I ever did
anything with this car she'd get a
beefier engine and I'd have to replace
the entire back end of the car basically
so probably set it up with a better
setup than one you know the leaf springs
way ahead this isn't the original engine
that's been replaced at some point it
does run pretty good but with everything
else wrong with this car and especially
the rust it's really not a car worth
restoring but I would like to put a
bigger engine in it you know not a drag
engine but something to go quick on the
street and then of course a different
transmission and beefed up the rear end
quite a bit I don't think I can get
under here to show you but it's bad it
needs it needs a lot of work and it's
not really worth a full restoration but
that's pretty much all the problems I'm
sure there's more I I can't think of at
the moment but that's pretty much the
Falcon I suppose I should show you the
other side
where the where the back is I started
taking Vonda off after I got it and then
there was just there was just a ton
they're quick to quit taking it off
because there was so much I didn't see
this whole quarter panels been at some
point repaired kinda and you know just
rust down here a little bit in the
rockers and it's when you crawl under
the car and look at it the rear frame
rails aren't toast you have to basically
cut them out and put new ones in but
there's a falcon